Update yb-master.md to include hide_dead_node_threshold_mins (#22310)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-master.md

Default: 60000 (1 minute)

##### hide_dead_node_threshold_mins

> After this many minutes of no heartbeat from a node, hide it from the UI (we presume it has been removed from the cluster). If -1, this flag is ignored and the node is never hidden from the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of minutes to wait before no longer displaying a dead node (no heartbeat) in the [YB-Master Admin UI](#admin-ui) (the node is presumed to have been removed from the cluster).

To never hide dead nodes in the YB-Master Admin UI, set this flag to -1.
```
